docs: 0.6.7 Release notes SDK/Candid/Motoko (#206)
dfinity/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/sdk-release-notes.adoc

The {release} release includes the following new features and capabilities:

* The `+dfx build+` command now supports building a specific canister, in addition to building all canisters.
+
For example, you can compile the code for a back-end canister without building the canister used for your project's front-end assets.
+
Because of this change to the `+dfx build+` command, the `+--skip-frontend+` option is no longer needed and has been removed.
* There are several new `+dfx identity+` commands that enable you to create, manage, and switch between different user identities when communicating with the {IC} network.
+
You can also use a new `+--identity+` command-line option to set a specific user context when running `+dfx+` commands. 
+
This new support for multiple identities enables you to test role-based access control for your programs.

> * Updates to the Candid interface description language include the following user-facing features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates to the Candid argument parser in `dfx canister call` include the following user-facing features:
```

+
** Support type annotations when parsing Candid values. For example, you can use the following syntax to specify types:
+
....
(42: nat8, vec {1;-3;5} : vec int8)
....
** Support for pretty-print decoded Candid values:
+
`+--output pp+` is the default and prints the value in multiple lines.
+
`+--output idl+` prints the value in a single line.
** Support for `+float e+` notation.

> ** Support for nested comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
